mbedtls: use static key slot buffers in the PSA Crypto core (#80368)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-4.1.rst

* Crypto

  * The Kconfig symbol :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_STATIC_KEY_SLOTS` was

>     added to allow Mbed TLS to use pre-allocated static buffers to store key material

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    added to allow Mbed TLS to use static buffers to store key material
```
or
```suggestion
    added to allow Mbed TLS to use statically allocated buffers to store key material
```

>     in its PSA Crypto core instead of heap-allocated ones. This can help reducing
>     (or removing, if no other component makes use of it) heap memory requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in its PSA Crypto core instead of heap-allocated ones. This can help reduce
    (or remove, if no other component makes use of it) heap memory requirements
```

Reviewer: `reducing` => `reduce` remains
